RATIONALE OF THE STUDY
	In this generation, the most played genre of a video game is “action-adventure game “. Action-adventure game is a hybrid genre, a mixed element from an action game and an adventure game, especially crucial elements like puzzles it requires many physical skills, but also offer a storyline, numerous characters, an inventory system, dialogue. This kind of games normally include a combination of complex story elements, which are displayed for players using audio and video. The story is heavily reliant upon the player character’s movement, which triggers story events and thus affects the flow of the game. Some examples of action-adventure games include The Legend of Zelda [14], God of War [15], and Tomb Raider series [16].
 	Medical games. In most of the games of this genre, the main goal is similar: to treat and cure the patient as possible, whether it’s cancer or something much more devastating. The most common medical games are surgery simulators, and the environment is inside of the hospital. Also, medical games can give you some knowledge about medicals and give awareness and prevention to the users. Medical-based games are quickly becoming favorites by medical students as the practicing of their field while enjoying. Some examples of medical games include Amateur Surgeon [17], Two Point Hospital [18] and Lifesigns: Surgical Unit [19].
          	Internal Crisis is an action-adventure game that mixed-up by a medical game genre. Therefore, you can experience action and adventure feelings while you’re gaining some knowledge. There’s a medical drug that has been invented by a mad scientist and that’s the character. The character can explore to your organ, fight with the cancer cells, viruses, bacteria, help an infected cell, clean or regenerate a damaged part of the organ, and can fight alongside with the fighter and support cell. This game has a mission or a task to unlock new stages and weapons. Also, the character will give tips to users about awareness and prevention.












REVIEW OF RELATED LITERATURE
HEART
What is heart the human heart is an organ that pumps blood throughout the body via the circulatory system, supplying oxygen and nutrients to the tissues and removing carbon dioxide and other wastes.
Myocardial ischemia occurs when blood flow to your heart is reduced, preventing the heart muscle from receiving enough oxygen. The reduced blood flow is usually the result of a partial or complete blockage of your heart's arteries (coronary arteries). Myocardial ischemia, also called cardiac ischemia, reduces the heart muscle's ability to pump blood. A sudden, severe blockage of one of the heart's artery can lead to a heart attack. Myocardial ischemia might also cause serious abnormal heart rhythms.
KIDNEY
What is kidney The kidneys are a pair of bean-shaped organs on either side of your spine, below your ribs and behind your belly. Each kidney is about 4 or 5 inches long, roughly the size of a large fist.
The kidneys' job is to filter your blood. They remove wastes, control the body's fluid balance, and keep the right levels of electrolytes. All of the blood in your body passes through them several times a day.
 	Kidney stones (renal lithiasis, nephrolithiasis) are hard deposits made of minerals and salts that form inside your kidneys. Kidney stones have many causes and can affect any part of your urinary tract — from your kidneys to your bladder. Often, stones form when the urine becomes concentrated, allowing minerals to crystallize and stick together. Passing kidney stones can be quite painful, but the stones usually cause no permanent damage if they're recognized in a timely fashion. Depending on your situation, you may need nothing more than to take pain medication and drink lots of water to pass a kidney stone. In other instances — for example, if stones become lodged in the urinary tract, are associated with a urinary infection or cause complications — surgery may be needed.
LUNGS
What are lungs: The lungs are a pair of spongy, air-filled organs located on either side of the chest. The trachea conducts inhaled air into the lungs through its tubular branches, called bronchi. The bronchi then divide into smaller and smaller branches, finally becoming microscopic.
 	Emphysema is a lung condition that causes shortness of breath. In people with emphysema, the air sacs in the lungs (alveoli) are damaged. Over time, the inner walls of the air sacs weaken and rupture — creating larger air spaces instead of many small ones. This reduces the surface area of the lungs and, in turn, the amount of oxygen that reaches your bloodstream. When you exhale, the damaged alveoli don't work properly and old air becomes trapped, leaving no room for fresh, oxygen-rich air to enter.
BRAIN
  	Meningococcemia can affect your blood’s ability to clot, resulting in bleeding disorders. It can also sometimes occur with meningitis. Complications associated with meningitis include hearing loss, brain damage, and gangrene. In some cases, meningitis can be fatal
